W-12981117-ErrorHandlingDoc-ESB (#431)
mulesoft/docs-composer: en/mulesoft/modules/ROOT/pages/ms_composer_flows.adoc

You can add logic and actions in different patterns, depending on what your flow needs to do.

== Designate Error Handling 

> When executing a flow, you can watch for errors in connection or logic in specific steps of your flow and then designate logic to handle the errors that may occur. You can also designate steps to complete additional actions or to send notifications in the event of an error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When executing a flow, you can watch for connection or logic errors in specific steps of your flow and then designate logic to handle the errors. You can also designate steps to complete additional actions or to send notifications if an error occurs. 
```

Reviewer: designate -> specify? (two instances of designate)

Author: Changed!

[[access-error-handling]]
=== Access Error Handling 

To access the Error Handler:

. <<create-a-new-flow,Create a new flow>> or open an existing flow.

> . If you create a new flow:

Reviewer: You could make this a bullet sublist of step 1 (since you only complete one of the sublists).
1. blah blah:
  - New flow:
     a. yadda
  - Existing flow:
     b. blah

Author: Done!

.. Select the connector or system to start your flow.
.. Select and configure a trigger. 
.. Select and configure an action.
.. Directly before the step to which you want to add an Error Handler, click the plus button. 
.. In the *What Should Start This Flow?* window, click *Error Handler (Beta)*.
. If you add a step to an existing flow:
.. Open your flow.
.. Directly before the step to which you want to add an Error Handler, click the plus button. 

> .. In the *Next Step* window, click *Error Handler (Beta)*. +

Reviewer: Extra at the end here?

Author: Yes - the OG content had a result statement but I decided it was superfluous. Good catch.

[[watch-a-step]]

> === Watch a Step 

Reviewer: Should this be Watch for Errors?

Reviewer: Global: should Error Handler be lc if you're not actually referring to the UI?

Author: You actually "watch" a step for errors so I think this needs to stay. 

Fixed the LC "error handler" business.

> You can watch specific steps for errors in connection or logic. If an error occurs, the flow stops normal processing and begins processing the steps in the Error Handler. You can add one or more steps to watch in this section.

Reviewer: connection or logic errors?

Author: Done!

To watch a step: 

. <<access-error-handling,Access the Error Handler in your flow>>.

> .  In the *Error Handler* card, in the *Watch* section, click the plus sign and select the action in your flow that you want to watch or drag the step that you want to watch into the *Watch* section. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Error Handler* card, in the *Watch* section, click the plus sign and select the action to watch or drag the step to watch into the *Watch* section. +
```

The selected action appears in the *Watch* section. If an error occurs, the flow moves to the actions selected in the *On Error* section.
. To add additional actions to watch, repeat the previous step.

> === Configure Composer to Handle Errors 

Reviewer: Should this be an H2?

Author: I don't think so. All of these subsections are part of the larger H2 "Configure Error Handling". 

There are plans to break up these monster topics a bit in the future.

You can configure Composer to handle errors encountered in the *Watch* section. If an error occurs in a watched action, the *On Error* section begins processing the flow based on your configuration.  You can add one or more steps to run in the *On Error* section. 

> ==== Before You Begin 

Reviewer: getting deep here :>

Author: Unfortunately, yes.

> * By default, the *On Error* section allows for one condition to be met; however, you can add as many conditions as you want in this section. 

Reviewer: Is this a before you begin item or a hanging paragraph in the task?

Reviewer: All of these seem to be "oh by the ways" rather than prerequisites...

Reviewer: What about a flow chart (for some of these)?

Author: That was something that the PM insisted be in the doc. I liked it within the step he disagreed. Oof. 

Changed - Error Handling Behavior 

That would be nice. I will write a ticket to implement this.

* When xref:ms_composer_test_flow.adoc[testing your flow], any errors caught by the Error Handler appear in the right pane of the action card. Successful steps are marked with a green check and failed steps are marked with a red X. 
* When an error occurs in a watched action, the error information is saved as a data pill that can then be used for subsequent notification or record-updating actions. For example, if an error occurs, you can designate an action to send an email to your team containing the error information from the data pill.

==== Steps 

To add steps to the *On Error* section of your flow: 

. <<watch-a-step,Select a step to watch>>.
. In the *Error Handler* card, in the *On Error* section: 
.. In the *Conditions to run this branch* drop-down, select one of the following conditions and then enter the requested criteria: 

> ... `AND`: All conditions must be met.

Reviewer: This should be an unordered list, I think.

Author: Done!

... `OR`: Any conditions can be met.
... `None`: No conditions must be met and all errors are returned.

> ... `Custom Logic`: <<use-custom-logic,Customize logic>> to designate how conditions will be met. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... `Custom Logic`: <<use-custom-logic,Customize logic>> to designate how conditions are met. 
```

Reviewer: Any way to rewrite to be active?

Author: Revised - I think that works better.

.. In the *After Running* drop-down, select: 

> ... *Stop*: After processing all steps in the *On Error* section, errors are flagged and the flow stops. The *Status* field of the flow is marked as `FAILED` on the <<flow-details-page,*Run History*>> page.  

Reviewer: Unordered list, I think.

Reviewer: "...Composer flags errors and stops the flow"
"On the *Run History" page, the *Status* field of the flow shows `FAILED`."

Author: Fixed!

... *Continue*: After processing all steps in the *On Error* section, errors are dismissed and the flow continues. If no other errors occur, the *Status* field of the flow is marked as `SUCCESS` on the <<flow-details-page,*Run History*>> page.  
. If you want to add additional conditions to this *On Error* section, click *Add Condition*. 

> . If you want to look for a specific error condition and designate how it is handled within your existing *On Error* section, click *Add On Error* to add a new branch with steps. When adding a branch to the *On Error* section, in the *After Running* section, select: 

Reviewer: Do you need a + for this to be a hanging paragraph?

> .. *Continue*:  Processes *On Error* steps and then continues on the next step within the parent step. 

Reviewer: unordered list?

> .. *Continue*:  Processes *On Error* steps and then continues on the next step within the parent step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. *Continue*: Processes *On Error* steps and then continues to the next step within the parent step. 
```

> .. *Propagate*:  Processes *On Error* steps and then pushes the error to the parent Error Handler section. The child step then stops processing and the Error Handler process returns to the parent step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. *Propagate*: Processes *On Error* steps and then pushes the error to the parent *Error Handler* section. The child step then stops processing and the error handler process returns to the parent step. 
```

Reviewer: (Lowercase when referring generically, init cap/bold for UI.)

Author: Fixed these globally!

> . Optionally, in the *On Error* section, click the plus button to add additional steps to handle an error: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optionally, in the *On Error* section, click the plus button to add steps to handle an error: 
```

* When adding a new condition, the *On Error* condition field value is set to `None` by default. Leaving this value set to `None` returns any errors that may occur in the *Watch* section and processes all steps inside this *On Error* section. 
* When a condition is met in the *On Error* section, the error handler processes the conditions in sequential order and stops once the first condition is met. After the first condition is met, any subsequent steps are skipped. If you want the process to continue, you can add an additional *On Error* section branch inside your existing *On Error* section.
* When xref:ms_composer_test_flow.adoc[testing your flow], any errors caught by the error handler appear in the right pane of the action card. Successful steps are marked with a green check and failed steps are marked with a red X. 
* When an error occurs in a watched action, the error information is saved as a data pill that can then be used for subsequent notification or record-updating actions. For example, if an error occurs, you can specify an action to send an email to your team containing the error information from the data pill.

> ==== Steps 

Reviewer: I forgot to mention that we no longer use this in the content type templates. Suggest changing to "Add Steps to the On Error Section" (or something else descriptive).

> ==== Steps 

Author: ```suggestion
==== Add Steps to the On Error Section 
```
